President, you flew back from the bag in Paris Curry
Wait what
Well not the president
I looked into the lady's eyes
This 6-point excellent estimate is
Are you free?
Otherwise, you go to Africa and then you want to get out
Walk away. A woman gets angry for no reason
I cried for so long
You sent me WeChat that day.
Said that the lady was sulking for no reason
It just so happened that you and Tiantian went to the horse farm
Although it is a fake play
But the lady didn't know he was jealous
president
I'll also send you
I'll say it again.
It seems that I can only add to the fire
Mr. Wang, do you have anything to do with me?
Ah, how are things going for this original series?
Do you have the confidence to dress like this?
In production and processing.
Everything is normal.
It has to be something new.
How else would I go about this process of organization?
Don't think about it, don't think about it.
Hey, you have nothing to say to me
OK
Thank you for the bag you gave me.
Yes, I like it very much.
I also have a gift for you.
I designed this myself last night.
How about sincerity?
That's not bad.
The blue one is the Earth.
Yellow represents the moon
The earth and the moon orbit each other
Mutual attraction never separates
Ah!
But diamonds are too expensive I can't afford them I'm too poor
So I took the gem.
But also spent a lot of money
You should smile more
How beautiful it is.
I ask every day
Is it because you are jealous?
Now don't get me wrong.
How could I possibly be jealous?
I, I, I, I have always adhered to that agreement
I've never performed well.
and
Even if you are the only man left in the world
I won't have any jokes for you either.
Yoko help
My brakes failed on the highway. I